---
title: "Some jolly-n-sweet opening words"
abstract: "I've finally decided that imma be writing a blog-like thing and I regret this decision instantly. What is bound to be happening on this dull page but an exaggerated portrayal of myself being projected onto the screen, fancy words thrown around?"
---
I don't like the idea of self-promotion through writing and I don't like people who do it, myself not being excluded from them. One of the things that can prevent you from miserably biting into the pity of conforming to the established standard of what should be projected as an *idea of you* is closing yourself off -- e.g. **not** writing an opinionated blog, deleting your social network accounts and living your life without the burden of day-to-day garbage scrolling. It's not a novel thing to say that what we are doing is unhealthy, mostly because we get rewarded with dopamine kicks for doing absolutely nothing but swiping your two fingers against a touchpad or the middle one against the wheel, and dopamine kicks for the successfully portrayed illusion of who you are that comes in form of a *like*.

What is mostly expected from the writer (in this case, me) is to serve precisely the idea of themselves that they have been marinating in, patting their backs with offering only the misguiding image *under which they feel good about themselves*, appealing to the reader that they should think good of the writer as well. I'd say that such doing must be categorized as one of the least sincere forms of monologues, rewards being devaluated in the frenzy of awarding them constantly to yourself. So let me be insincere and take this step.

I could get even more pictorial; you can compare such an act of sycophancy to a dopamine kick that is present when you eat a sugar cube, the latter -- having for the consequence a risk you get diabetes when overdoing it -- making you rot quite literally. It is self-evident that I draw hereby a conclusion (god that sounds pretentious) that the former means rotting in a figurative sense, placing the two on kinda the same footing.

Before I get dull and bore myself with my own chanting, I will mention that I have by now successfully made a hopeless post of some length, which seemingly testifies about my competence to stay fluid in thought, which I bet in turn has made you think relatively good of me, and that is the point I've tried to elucidate in paragraphs above; I am prone to making you think so. For those of you who know me, I rest assured it is not so, acknowledging you know of my mistakes. These mistakes obviously never take place in a portrayal such as this one; let's say I've made a large misdeed some time ago -- I will be prepared to talk about it semi-openly when I will feel that enough time has passed since the wrongdoing that I can *claim* that it is not a part of me anymore, that I've *outgrown* my bad trait. More importantly, not only would I have a problem with talking about my mistakes, but I'd feel tiny whenever I'd get caught in the gutter of remembering *who I really am* and that a part of me stinks immensely of "non-[integrity](http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/integrity/)", which brings up an intense feeling of shame. It's my opinion that the endeavour of us concealing such memories from others and ourselves is an inherent part of human behaviour, keeping us satisfied with ourselves.

I imagine what you're thinking -- isn't life simpler than what this guy is preaching about? Yeah, keep chewing on that utopia, see where it gets you. Back that comfortable conceptual horse and lean onto your satisfaction with yourself and you're ready for slaughter.

Let me conclude; obviously, the point of this rambling is that most of the time, we're self-deceptive diligent liars, gripping on our next moment to ejaculate. And for me to have a blog-like thing to do so is just ironic. My last frisky spit for the way is **conform hard or go home**.
<br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br><br>
in case you were wondering, this page is a halfheartedly honest satire, that's probably why it will soon die
