---
title: 'Transparence'
abstract: "Vultures reading this are expecting me to write funky again, this category being salty bae's sprinked salt to my unsalted equations."
---
I am readily see-through with my dread-glamourizing and self-exaltation. My established defense lest a reader would not be able to spew criticism, is of course, an act of self-preservation. Instant cynism, a form of offense in midst of defensive sorrow. I wish I was special. So fucking special. But I misuse words and my commas often aren't placed correctly.

Language is a fluid thing; that's how I apologise my inarticulateness. No strict word rules, whatever goes. If you're still here, you probably want it raw, want me to tell you a way to do this, to slide through it and tap it like a pro. You want it raw? Become a vegan and cry your vegetables into germination; them vegans certainly feel satisfied with themselves. But that's not really what you want, is it -- you don't really crave to be persuaded into wellbeing, otherwise you'd be reading some spirit science cult facebook page and feeding on their motivational quotes that aggravate your condition, not my tractats. You want it real but you don't feel genuine -- well, I am not either. I've got numerous identities to choose from and pretend to be. I often go with the insecure one because I mistake it for the humble one.

I don't deem lightly of this issue, obviously. I don't proclaim to have it down and yes I do exalt myself for not thinking that I do, as a lot of others do. If you've come this far, you're most likely looking for general nonexisting purpose and I'm not here to tell you there isn't one. If you wish to think santa exists, that's fine with me. Also, if you wish to think there isn't a horse to tackle, I'm fine with you staying ignorant.

Let's turn this pity party into a short lesson again, shall we? Sandman puts down people -- again, yes I'm that much better than them for knowin this -- to being attached to their mental conceivements, then it's difficult to let go of them. Reasonable, as we all have the need to feel good about ourselves. Let me elaborate; because it's **our** idea and **we** came up with it, we need to persuade ourselves and others that we are right about whatever it is we're talking about. We even involve the Truth (yes I believe in that sort of santa, more about that some other time) into our stinking mess of self-security, which gives off the level of our insecurity. In human interactions, we are always craving to be in the right, to hit the nail on its head with our idea, or at least to think that we did and to make others think we did.

When a certain amount of doubt in oneself is present, there is a lesser chance that we do this -- cautious men seldom err. This doubt should in practice appear as internal dialogue that one has inside their head, and I mean that quite literally -- back and forth, asking questions and trying your best to answer. And if it doesn't feel like a struggle with really rare and occasional moments of ease, you're most likely leaning onto your satisfaction with yourself too much. There is no having-it-down most of the time, no immediate satisfaction with yourself with this method, that's probably why rarely anyone is eager to incorporate it into their ideal system consciously.

Well, since you're probably not incorporating it either and I am not that much into convincing you anymore that I *hit the nail on its head* -- good night, off you go to your slumber.
